Chen Andong, please calmly handle this at this critical moment.
Successfully prevented a bombing from being heard.
We will report on you, no need to report.
Were they all arrested immediately? Yes.
All the clothes included in the Five Days Incident cannot be met at this time.
Can I leave now? I can go.
Wife. Arrived home.
Wife. You paid too much.
I must find a job and work hard.
Make money and praise you. I trust you,
You have always been a paradise in my heart.
Teacher Chen, there is something I can't understand.
I don't think it's right either. What happened?
Are Li Xiaofen and Kang Ping together?
This is not important
No matter if they are together or not
Their daughters are victims
Immediately got a kiss in English
That's the most important thing, right, right, right
This is the most important